# Upgrading GROWI to v4.3.x

GROWI v4.3 uses `lerna` to manage package dependencies.

GROWI v4.3 includes some official plugins in default.  
Users no longer need to install [growi-plugin-lsx](https://github.com/weseek/growi-plugin-lsx), [growi-plugin-pukiwiki-like-linker](https://github.com/weseek/growi-plugin-pukiwiki-like-linker) and [growi-plugin-attachment-refs](https://github.com/weseek/growi-plugin-attachment-refs) before build client.


## Change build procedure
::: warning
This section content is a necessary operation when your system is build at the user's own scripts.  
The users who uses the official docker image can skip this section.
:::

1. Use `npx lerna bootstrap` instead of `yarn install` to install dependencies.
1. Remove following operations from your build code if exist.
    - `yarn add growi-plugin-lsx`
    - `yarn add growi-plugin-pukiwiki-like-linker`
    - `yarn add growi-plugin-attachment-refs`
    - `yarn add -D react-images@1.0.0 react-motion`


## dockerize インストール手順の変更

::: warning
This section content is a necessary operation when you use [weseek/growi-docker-compose](https://github.com/weseek/growi-docker-compose).

:::

(TBD)


## New Slack Integration

A new method of slack integration has been added.

By installing the Official GROWI Bot or Custom GROWI Bot you preare to your workspace, you can use GROWI functions by the `/growi` command from slack workspace.

::: tip
conventional methods can still be used. 
:::

<!-- TODO bot manual が master に merged されたら記述する -->
<!-- 詳しくは[こちら](../../)をご覧ください。 -->




## Check before Upgrading

- [x] Build GROWI at the user's own scripts
- [x] Install plugin packages with `yarn add`

