# Upgrading to GROWI v7.3.x

In GROWI v7.3, enhanced access token functionality and keyboard shortcuts for editing have been added.
Additionally, support for ~~Node.js v22~~, MongoDB v8, and Elasticsearch v9 has been added as runtime environments.
Support for Elasticsearch v7 is planned to be discontinued in future versions.


## Table of Contents

[[toc]]


## [Deprecated] Removal of Questionnaire Feature

The questionnaire feature within the system has been removed.

Please share your feedback about GROWI on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/growilabs/growi/discussions).


## For Users

### [New Feature] New Access Token

The access token functionality that users can issue themselves has been enhanced, enabling more flexible permission settings and API authentication.

(Documentation for the new access token is looking for contributors)


### [New Feature] Additional Keyboard Shortcuts for Editing

Convenient keyboard shortcuts for page editing have been added. You can check the available shortcuts from the new keyboard shortcut display modal.

(Documentation for keyboard shortcuts is looking for contributors)


### [Improvement] GROWI AI Functionality Improvements

The following improvements have been made to the GROWI AI functionality:

- Addition of chat history display for Knowledge Assistant
- UI/UX improvements for Knowledge Assistant


### [Improvement] Extended Dark Mode Support

Dark mode display support has been added to the following components:

- PlantUML diagrams
- Draw.io diagrams
- Mermaid diagrams


## For Admin

<ContextualBlock context="docs-growi-org">

### [Support Added] Node.js v22 Support

::: tip

- Systems using the [official Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/growilabs/growi/) are not affected
:::

::: warning
In v7.3.1, the Node.js runtime version was reverted to v18/20 due to memory consumption issues. Node.js 22 support is planned to be re-added in future versions.
:::

Node.js v22 support was added in GROWI v7.3.0.

| GROWI | <= v7.2.x | v7.3.0 | v7.3.1 and later |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Node.js | 18, 20 | 18, 20, 22 | 18, 20 |

### [Support Added] MongoDB v8 Support

::: tip

- Systems using the [official Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/growilabs/growi/) are not affected
:::

MongoDB v8 support was added in GROWI v7.3.0.

| GROWI | <= v7.2.x | v7.3.x |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| MongoDB | 6.x | 6.x, 8.x |

### [Support Added] Elasticsearch v9 Support

::: tip

- Systems using the [official Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/growilabs/growi/) are not affected
:::

Elasticsearch v9 support was added in GROWI v7.3.0.

| GROWI | <= v7.2.x | v7.3.x |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Elasticsearch | 7.x, 8.x | 7.x, 8.x, 9.x |

</ContextualBlock>


## What to Check Before Upgrading

<ContextualBlock context="help-growi-cloud">

None

</ContextualBlock>

<ContextualBlock context="docs-growi-org">

- [x] ~~Whether it is possible to upgrade the runtime environment to Node.js v22~~ (temporarily discontinued from v7.3.1 onwards)

</ContextualBlock>
